_landings/move-carefully.md, before:

---
title: Move Carefully and Fix Things - Stickers
author: Bill Hunt
type: page
date: 2021-02-04T19:41:38-0500
permalink: /move-carefully/
layout: page
excerpt: I made Move Carefully and Fix Things stickers!
image: /uploads/2021/02/movecarefully-photo.jpg
---

Well, my [little post on joining government service](/blog/2020/11/09/welcome-home/) attracted more attention than I ever would have expected! A lot of people had asked about stickers for the motto of that post, "Move Carefully and Fix Things." So, I had a run of 2-inch stickers printed up - and they look pretty good! Now I want to give them to you **for free**!

![Photo of Move Carefully and Fix Things stickers](/uploads/2021/02/movecarefully-photo.jpg)

{:.banner}
**Update September 5th, 2022**: We are well into our second printing of stickers, folks! I've covered my costs, and together we've donated **$1,769.50** to [The Human Utility](http://humanutility.org/)!

During pre-pandemic times, I'd just be going around handing these out at events. But today, it's a lot harder for me to give these to everyone. I also have no interest in going into the sticker business, so I want to try something _different_. So here's the deal:

**I will send you a sticker, or two stickers, for free, anywhere in the world.** Just email me your name & address at [hello+movecarefully@billhunt.email](mailto:hello+movecarefully@billhunt.email) and tell me if you want one or two stickers. That's it!

I'm not asking for payment for the stickers - instead I want to keep spreading the love, by asking people to donate to a registered nonprofit doing direct service work. I'd like people to **donate to [The Human Utility](http://humanutility.org/)**, a fantastic charity which helps people to pay their water bills. If you make a donation, you *don't* have to tell me about it, but if you *do* forward me a receipt, I'll add it to the total on this page!

I do appreciate it if you do want to help me cover costs, and you can send me some money via [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/krusynth) or [Venmo](https://venmo.com/krusynth), but *please* don't feel obliged to send me money. **Any funds beyond my costs will be donated to the charity!**

If you want more than one or two stickers, I'm happy to send you more! Just donate directly to the charity listed above and forward me the receipt. If you want a *massive amount* of stickers, please [email me directly](mailto:hello+movecarefully@billhunt.email) and we can work something out - I'm happy to share the design files with people too ([CC BY-NC](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/) of course).

{:.banner}
As of September 5th 2022, the sticker fund is at *$0*{: style="color: green"} (US dollars), and two rounds of stickers have been printed! So far, I've spent out of pocket about $465.50 for 1000 stickers (about $0.32/sticker), $23 on packing materials, and $67.20 in postage. Mailing a standard, 1oz envelope to anywhere in the US costs $0.55, while international letters cost $1.20.

Commit message:

Add new stickers. Clean up webring page.

_landings/move-carefully.md, after:

---
title: Move Carefully and Fix Things - Stickers
type: page
date: 2021-02-04T19:41:38-0500
permalink: /move-carefully/
layout: page
excerpt: I made Move Carefully and Fix Things stickers!
image: /uploads/2021/02/movecarefully-photo.jpg
---

Well, my [little post on joining government service](/blog/2020/11/09/welcome-home/) attracted more attention than I ever would have expected! A lot of people had asked about stickers for the motto of that post, "Move Carefully and Fix Things." So, I had a run of 2-inch stickers printed up - and they look pretty good! Now I want to give them to you **for free**!

![Photo of Move Carefully and Fix Things stickers](https://billhunt.dev/uploads/2021/02/movecarefully-photo.jpg)


**Update January 17, 2023**: We are well into our second printing of stickers, folks! Together we've donated **$1,795.75** to [The Human Utility](http://humanutility.org/)!

After two years of running this sticker program, I'm updating it! But you can still get free stickers while supporting a good cause!

[Free Stickers!](/stickers){:.btn}
