_landings/stickers.md, before:

---
title: Stickers!
type: page
date: 2023-01-17T11:52:22-0500
permalink: /stickers/
layout: page
excerpt: I make stickers, and I'd like to send you some for free!
---

It's coming up on three years since I launched my [original sticker project](/move-carefully/)! In that time I've given out over a thousand stickers to 16 countries around the world, and we've raised $4,159.72 for charity as of October 24, 2023!

I have two different sticker designs which I'm giving out: **Move Carefully and Fix Things** and **Govpunk**.

![A Govpunk sticker, white text on a red eleven-pointed star with a black background, next to a Move Carefully and Fix Things sticker, with white lettering on a blue background.](https://billhunt.dev/uploads/2023/01/stickers.jpg)

Once again, I want to give you all these stickers for **FREE** again! No strings attached! But because **Caring is Punk Rock**, instead of paying me I'd ask that you consider **donating money to your local food bank or pantry**.

Now, I know lots of folks tend to donate food directly to these organizations, but  food banks end up getting a lot of garbage they can't redistribute that way. (I still have nightmares about the endless cans of cranberry sauce that would show up after thanksgiving and sit around for years.) On the other hand, food banks have really great deals with distributors - they can often get up to **ten real meals for every dollar** - that's incredible buying power. The moral of the story is that it's **almost always better to donate cash to these organizations**.

So here's what we're going to do: **I will send you a sticker, or two stickers, for free, anywhere in the world.** Just email me your name & address at [hello+stickers@billhunt.email](mailto:hello+stickers@billhunt.email) and tell me if you want one or two stickers. You can do just one, or two of one, or one of each, or whatever. Just let me know what you want!

And if you want to donate money directly to your local food bank/pantry/whatever, just forward me the receipt and I'll add it to the total amount on this page! You really don't have to, but it's nice to encourage other folks by seeing numbers go up!

If you want more than two stickers, email me and we can work something out! On average, it costs me about $0.75/sticker to run this program, including printing and mailing and supplies costs.

Go be weird!

Commit message:

Update shop and sticker pages for more options.

_landings/stickers.md, after:

---
title: Stickers!
type: page
date: 2025-04-30T11:52:22-0500
permalink: /stickers/
image: /uploads/2023/01/stickers.jpg
layout: page
excerpt: I make stickers, and I'd like to send you some for free!
---

It's been almost five years since my [little post on joining government service](/blog/2020/11/09/welcome-home/) generated a lot of attention and I began giving out **Move Carefully and Fix Things** stickers.  Two years ago, I added my **Govpunk** sticker as well.  Over all of that time, we've raised thousands of dollars for charity from people around the world - **and helped make a lot of people's lives better**!

Caring is Punk Rock, but the world is getting a little darker, and we all need to pitch in a bit more to help. Right now in the U.S., [the Trump Administration is cutting support programs for folks in need](https://www.nytimes.com/2025/04/28/us/politics/food-banks-trump-cuts-aid.html?unlocked_article_code=1.DE8.Pivl.8j0CGdxGHqdi&smid=nytcore-ios-share&referringSource=articleShare).

From now on, I will **only** be giving out stickers to folks who send me a receipt for a **recent** donation to a food bank or similar charity that helps those in need. As an alternative, I will also accept folks providing documentation that they have **recently** volunteered at a food bank. If you happen to live in a country that doesn't have food scarcity issues, find a similar good cause to support somehow and let me know.

Otherwise, the original offer still stands - **I will send you one or two stickers, at no cost to you, anywhere in the world.** Just email me your name & address at [hello+stickers@billhunt.email](mailto:hello+stickers@billhunt.email) and tell me if you want one or two stickers, and which ones you want. You can do just one, or two of one, or one of each, whatever.  But you *must* include proof of your donation or charitable activity.

I have two different sticker designs which I'm giving out: **Move Carefully and Fix Things** and **Govpunk**.

![A Govpunk sticker, white text on a red eleven-pointed star with a black background, next to a Move Carefully and Fix Things sticker, with white lettering on a blue background.](https://billhunt.dev/uploads/2023/01/stickers.jpg)

Now, I know lots of folks tend to donate food directly to these organizations, but food banks end up getting a lot of garbage they can't redistribute that way. (I still have nightmares about the endless cans of cranberry sauce that would show up after thanksgiving and sit around for years.) On the other hand, food banks have really great deals with distributors - they can often get up to **ten real meals for every dollar** - that's incredible buying power. The moral of the story is that it's **almost always better to donate cash to these organizations**.

If you want more than two stickers, email me and we can work something out! On average, it costs me about $0.75/sticker to run this program, including printing and mailing and supplies costs.

Go be weird!
